(i) consists of any gross profit mark-up in connection with the sale and distribution thereof to any division of
any Borrower or Subsidiary thereof;
(j) is manufactured, assembled or otherwise produced in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act and subject
to the “hot goods” provisions contained in Title 25 U.S.C. 215(a)(i);
(k) is not covered by casualty insurance required by the terms of this Agreement;
(l) consists of goods which have been returned or rejected by the buyer and are not in salable condition;
(m) breaches in any material respect any of the representations or warranties pertaining to such Inventory set
forth in any Credit Document;
(n) does not conform in all material respects to all standards imposed by any governmental agency, division or
department thereof which has regulatory authority over such goods or the use or sale thereof;
(o) is Commingled Inventory;
(p) (i) with respect to any Inventory owned by a U.S. Borrower, is located outside of the United States and, (ii)
with respect to Inventory owned by a Dutch Borrower, is located outside of the United States, the Netherlands or Belgium;
provided that the foregoing shall not exclude (x) any Inventory of a Dutch Borrower that is in transit from the United States to
the Netherlands or Belgium that would otherwise constitute Eligible In-Transit Inventory and (y) any Inventory of a Borrower
that is in transit to any Company Factory that would otherwise constitute Eligible Vendor In-Transit Inventory; provided further
that any Inventory of a Dutch Borrower located in Belgium shall only be Eligible Inventory if it is subject to a Perfected Belgian
Lien, and (iii) with respect to Inventory owned by a UK Borrower, is located outside of England and Wales, the United States,
the Netherlands or Belgium; provided that the foregoing shall not exclude (x) any Inventory of a UK Borrower that is in transit
from the United States, the Netherlands or Belgium to England and Wales that would otherwise constitute Eligible In-Transit
Inventory and (y) any Inventory of a Borrower that is in transit to any Company Factory that would otherwise constitute Eligible
Vendor In-Transit Inventory; provided further that any Inventory of a UK Borrower located in the United States, the
Netherlands or Belgium shall only be Eligible Inventory if it is subject to a Perfected U.S. Lien, Perfected Dutch Lien or
Perfected Belgian Lien, respectively;
(q) is out for delivery to the purchaser thereof or has been delivered to a common carrier for delivery to the
purchaser thereof;
(r) is subject to a license agreement or other arrangement with a third party which, in the Administrative
Agent’s Permitted Discretion, restricts the ability of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to exercise its rights under
the Credit Documents with respect to such Inventory unless such third party has entered into an agreement in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent permitting the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to
exercise its rights with respect to such Inventory or the Administrative Agent has otherwise agreed to allow such Inventory to
be eligible in the Administrative Agent’s Permitted Discretion;
31
(s) consists of Hazardous Materials or goods that can be transported or sold only with licenses that are not
readily available;
(t) consists of goods for which a certificate of title has been issued;
(u) is repriced down or the market value of which is lower than the cost thereof (to the extent of the amount of
such write-down or reduction in market value);
(v) is Inventory consisting of solar panels or solar shingles;
(w) is Inventory in respect of which there is a related Eligible Account; or
(x) consists of Specified Tesla In-Transit Assets that were provided as collateral for Indebtedness incurred
pursuant to Section 10.04(v);or
(xy) is otherwise unacceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion.
The Administrative Agent shall have the right to establish, modify or eliminate Reserves against Eligible Inventory from time to
time in its Permitted Discretion; provided that with respect to Reserves established on the Effective Date and facts or events known to the
Administrative Agent prior to the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent may impose new Reserves only to reflect a change in
circumstances, events, conditions, contingencies or risks in respect of such facts or events. The criteria for Eligible Inventory may only be
revised or any new criteria for Eligible Inventory may only be established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion based on
either (i) an event, condition or other circumstance arising after the date hereof, or (ii) an event, condition or other circumstance existing
on the date hereof to the extent the Administrative Agent has no notice thereof from a Borrower prior to the date hereof, in either cause
under clause (i) or (ii) which adversely affects or could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Inventory as determined by the
Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion.
“Eligible Machinery and Equipment” shall mean all of the Equipment owned by any of the U.S. Borrowers (and for which the
applicable Borrower has good title to such Equipment) that is reflected in the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.01(h), except any Equipment as to which any of the exclusionary criteria set forth below
applies. Eligible Machinery and Equipment shall not include any Equipment of the U.S. Borrowers that:
(a) is excess, obsolete, unsalable, shopworn, seconds, damaged or unfit for sale;
(b) is not subject to a First Priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Creditors;
(c) is not owned by a U.S. Borrower free and clear of all Liens and rights of any other Person, except the First
Priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Creditors, the junior Permitted Liens under Section
10.01(s) and First Priority Priming Liens (subject to Reserves established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the
provisions of this Agreement and in respect of such Permitted Liens);
(d) (i) is not located on premises owned, leased or rented by a U.S. Borrower, and in the case of leased or
rented premises unless either (x) a reasonably satisfactory Landlord Personal Property Collateral Access Agreement has been
delivered to the Administrative Agent or (y) Rent
32
Reserves reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion have been established with respect
thereto or (ii) is stored with a bailee or warehouseman, unless either (x) a reasonably satisfactory and acknowledged bailee or
warehouseman letter has been received by the Administrative Agent or (y) Reserves reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion have been established with respect thereto, or (iii) is located at an owned
location subject to a mortgage or other security interest in favor of a creditor other than the Collateral Agent or the junior
Permitted Liens under Section 10.01(s) unless either (x) a Landlord Personal Property Collateral Access Agreement has been
delivered to the Administrative Agent or (y) Reserves reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent have been established
with respect thereto;
(e) is in transit;
(f) is not covered by casualty insurance required by the terms of this Agreement;
(g) breaches in any material respect any of the representations or warranties pertaining to such Equipment set
forth in any Credit Document;
(h) is subject to a license agreement or other arrangement with a third party which, in the Administrative
Agent’s Permitted Discretion, restricts the ability of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to exercise its rights under
the Credit Documents with respect to such Equipment unless such third party has entered into an agreement in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent permitting the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to
exercise its rights with respect to such Equipment or the Administrative Agent has otherwise agreed to allow such Equipment
to be eligible in the Administrative Agent’s Permitted Discretion;
(i) is located outside of the United States; or
(j) is otherwise unacceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion.
The Administrative Agent shall have the right to establish, modify or eliminate Reserves against Eligible Machinery and
Equipment from time to time in its Permitted Discretion; provided that with respect to facts or events known to the Administrative Agent
prior to the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent may impose new Reserves only to reflect a change in circumstances, events,
conditions, contingencies or risks in respect of such facts or events. The criteria for Eligible Machinery and Equipment may only be
revised or any new criteria for Eligible Machinery and Equipment may only be established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted
Discretion based on either (i) an event, condition or other circumstance arising after the date hereof, or (ii) an event, condition or other
circumstance existing on the date hereof to the extent the Administrative Agent has no notice thereof from a Borrower prior to the date
hereof, in either cause under clause (i) or (ii) which adversely affects or could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Equipment as
determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion.
“Eligible Raw Materials Inventory” shall mean all Eligible Inventory consisting of raw materials (as determined in a manner
acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion and consistent with past practices).
“Eligible Real Property” shall mean the Fremont Real Property; provided such Real Property meets each of the following
criteria:
33
(a) such Real Property is acceptable in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent for inclusion in the
U.S. Borrowing Base (and the Administrative Agent acknowledges that the Fremont Real Property is acceptable);
(b) such Real Property is wholly owned in fee simple by a U.S. Borrower free and clear of all Liens and rights of
any other Person, except the First Priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Creditors, the junior
Permitted Liens under Section 10.01(s) and First Priority Priming Liens (subject to Reserves established by the Administrative
Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and in respect of such Permitted Liens);
(c) such Real Property is covered by all insurance required by Section 9.03 hereof; and
(d) the Administrative Agent has received the following (collectively, the “Eligible Real Property Deliverables”):
(i) a Mortgage encumbering such Real Property creating a First Priority Lien in favor of the
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors, duly executed and acknowledged by each Credit Party that
is the owner or holder of any interest in such Mortgaged Property, and otherwise in form for recording in the
recording office of each applicable political subdivision where each such Mortgaged Property is situated, together
with such certificates, affidavits, questionnaires or returns as shall be required in connection with the recording or
filing thereof to create a Lien under applicable Requirements of Law, and such financing statements and any other
instruments necessary to grant a mortgage Lien under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, all of which shall be in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Collateral Agent;
(ii) a lender’s policy of title insurance (or marked up unconditional title insurance commitment
having the effect of a policy of title insurance) issued by a nationally recognized and financially stable title insurance
company reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (the “Title Company”) insuring the Lien of such
Mortgage as a valid First Priority Lien on the Mortgaged Property and fixtures described therein in an amount not
less than the Appraised Fair Market Value of such Mortgaged Property and fixtures, which policy (or such marked up
unconditional title insurance commitment) shall (x) to the extent necessary or commercially reasonable, include such
co-insurance or reinsurance arrangements (with provisions for direct access, if necessary) as shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Collateral Agent, (y) have been supplemented by such endorsements as shall be reasonably
requested by the Collateral Agent (including, to the extent available in the local jurisdiction on commercially
reasonable to terms and applicable to such Eligible Real Property, endorsements on matters relating to usury, first
loss, revolving credit, zoning, contiguity, future advance, doing business, public road access (direct or indirect),
same-as-survey, policy authentication, variable rate, environmental lien, subdivision, policy aggregation, mortgage
recording tax, street address, separate tax lot, and so-called comprehensive coverage over covenants and
restrictions), and (z) contain no exceptions to title other than Permitted Liens and Permitted Encumbrances (a “Title
Policy”);
(iii) a survey of the applicable Mortgaged Property for which all necessary fees (where applicable)
have been paid (a) prepared by a licensed, insured and qualified
34
surveyor reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent, (b) dated or re-certificated not earlier than 60 days prior to
the date of such delivery or such other date as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent in its
reasonable discretion, (c) for Mortgaged Property situated in the United States, certified to the Administrative Agent,
the Collateral Agent the Company, the applicable Credit Party (if any), and the Title Company issuing the Title Policy
for such Mortgaged Property, which certification shall be the standard certification required by the Minimum
Standard Detail Requirements for ALTA/NSPS Land Title Surveys, and may include additional parties reasonably
acceptable to the Collateral Agent, (d) complying with current “Minimum Standard Detail Requirements for
ALTA/NSPS Land Title Surveys,” jointly established and adopted by American Land Title Association, and the
National Society of Professional Surveyors (except for such deviations as are acceptable to the Collateral Agent), and
(e) depicting and describing all buildings and other improvements, any offsite improvements owned or utilized by the
Company or applicable Credit Party which are material to use or operation of any facilities located on the Mortgaged
Property, the location of any easements, parking spaces, rights of way, building setback lines and other dimensional
regulations and the absence of encroachments, either by such improvements or on to the Mortgaged Property, and
other defects, other than encroachments and other defects reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (a
“Real Property Survey”);
(iv) an appraisal report in respect of such Real Property performed by a licensed, insured and
qualified third-party real property appraiser certified to, and in form, scope and substance reasonably satisfactory to,
the Administrative Agent and in compliance with FIRREA (a “Real Property Appraisal”);
(v) (a) a “Life-of-Loan” Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard
Determination for the Mortgaged Property; and (b) in the event any such Mortgaged Property is located in an area
identified by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) as a Special Flood Hazard Area,
(x) a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster assistance, duly executed by the applicable U.S.
Borrower, (y) evidence of flood insurance with a financially sound and reputable insurer, naming the Administrative
Agent, as mortgagee, in an amount and with terms required by the Flood Insurance Laws and otherwise in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (z) evidence of the payment of premiums in
respect thereof in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;
(vi) an environmental assessment report and any other required information regarding
environmental matters in respect of such Mortgaged Property and such report and information shall be prepared by
an environmental consultant acceptable to the Administrative Agent and shall be satisfactory in form, scope and
substance to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion;
(vii) if reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, a seismic report in respect of such
Mortgaged Property performed by a licensed, insured and qualified third-party consultant in form, scope and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;
(viii) customary favorable written opinions, addressed to the Collateral Agent and the Secured
Creditors, of local counsel to the Credit Parties in each jurisdiction (i) where a Mortgaged Property is located and (ii)
where the applicable Credit Party granting
35
the Mortgage on said Mortgaged Property is organized, regarding the due authorization, execution, delivery,
perfection and enforceability of each such Mortgage, the corporate formation, existence and good standing of the
applicable Credit Party under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, and such other matters as may be reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent; and
(ix) such other documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, in each case in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
The Administrative Agent shall have the right to establish, modify or eliminate Reserves against Eligible Real Property from
time to time in its Permitted Discretion; provided that with respect to facts or events known to the Administrative Agent prior to the Ninth
Amendment Effective Date, the Administrative Agent may impose new Reserves only to reflect a change in circumstances, events,
conditions, contingencies or risks in respect of such facts or events. The criteria for Eligible Real Property may only be revised or any new
criteria for Eligible Real Property may only be established by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion based on either (i) an
event, condition or other circumstance arising after the Ninth Amendment Effective Date, or (ii) an event, condition or other circumstance
existing on the Ninth Amendment Effective Date to the extent the Administrative Agent has no notice thereof from a Borrower prior to the
date hereof, in either cause under clause (i) or (ii) which adversely affects or could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Fair
Market Value of the Real Property as determined by the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion.
“Eligible Real Property Deliverables” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “Eligible Real Property”.
“Eligible Service Parts Inventory” shall mean all Eligible Inventory consisting of service parts (as determined in a manner
acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion and consistent with past practices).
“Eligible Transferee” shall mean and include a commercial bank, an insurance company, a finance company, a financial
institution, any fund that invests in loans or any other “accredited investor” (as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act), but in any
event excluding the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, any natural person and any person that at the time of determination is a
Defaulting Lender.
“Eligible UK Finished Goods Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Finished Goods Inventory owned by any UK Borrower.
“Eligible UK In-Transit Inventory” shall mean the Eligible In-Transit Inventory owned by any UK Borrower.
“Eligible UK Inventory” shall mean Eligible UK Finished Goods Inventory, Eligible UK In-Transit Inventory, Eligible UK Raw
Materials Inventory and Eligible UK WIP Inventory.
“Eligible UK Raw Materials Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Raw Materials Inventory owned by any UK Borrower.
“Eligible UK Service Parts Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Service Parts Inventory owned by any UK Borrower.
36
“Eligible UK Vendor In-Transit Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Vendor In-Transit Inventory owned by any UK Borrower.
“Eligible UK WIP Inventory” shall mean the Eligible WIP Inventory owned by any UK Borrower.
“Eligible U.S. Accounts” shall mean the Eligible Accounts owned by any U.S. Borrower.
“Eligible U.S. Cash and Cash Equivalents” shall mean the Eligible Cash and Cash Equivalents owned by any U.S. Borrower that
is reflected in the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.01(h).
“Eligible U.S. Finished Goods Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Finished Goods Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.
“Eligible U.S. In-Transit Inventory” shall mean the Eligible In-Transit Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.
“Eligible U.S. Inventory” shall mean all Eligible U.S. Finished Goods Inventory, Eligible U.S. In-Transit Inventory, Eligible U.S.
Raw Materials Inventory and Eligible U.S. WIP Inventory.
“Eligible U.S. Raw Materials Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Raw Materials Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.
“Eligible U.S. Service Parts Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Service Parts Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.
“Eligible U.S. Vendor In-Transit Inventory” shall mean the Eligible Vendor In-Transit Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.
“Eligible U.S. WIP Inventory” shall mean the Eligible WIP Inventory owned by any U.S. Borrower.
“Eligible Vendor In-Transit Inventory” shall mean all Eligible Raw Materials Inventory:
(a) for which the purchase order is in the name of the applicable Borrower and title has passed to such
Borrower,
(b) which have been shipped by FOB shipment (seller’s location),
(c) for which the applicable Borrower does not have actual possession,
(d) which is fully insured in such amounts, with insurance companies and subject to such deductibles as are
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion,
(e) which is in-transit to any Company Factory and
(f) which otherwise would constitute Eligible Inventory.
“Eligible WIP Inventory” shall mean all Eligible Inventory consisting of work-in-process (as determined in a manner acceptable
to the Administrative Agent in its Permitted Discretion and consistent
37
with past practices); provided that Eligible WIP Inventory shall not include Eligible Inventory consisting of work-in-process related to the
manufacturing of solar panels or solar shingles.
“Energy Environmental Attribute” shall mean any credit, benefit, reduction, offset or allowance (such as so-called renewable
energy certificates, green tags, green certificates, and renewable energy credits), howsoever entitled or named, resulting from,
attributable to or associated with the storage or generation of energy, other than the actual electric energy produced, and that is capable
of being measured, verified or calculated and in any case may be lawfully marketed to third parties. By way of illustration, Energy
Environmental Attributes may result from: the generation system’s use of a particular renewable energy source; avoided NOx, SOx, CO2
or greenhouse gas emissions and other carbon credits and offsets; avoided water use or as otherwise specified under any applicable
energy-related private or governmental program. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing in this definition or any other provision of the
Tenth Amendment or the Credit Agreement, Energy Environmental Attributes shall not in any case include: (i) any of the foregoing
obtained by, provided to, used by or necessary for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to conduct any of its operations at any location
(and shall not include any water rights or other rights or credits obtained pursuant to requirements of applicable law in order to site and
develop any facility); or (ii) any production tax credits.
“Energy Storage Agreement” shall mean a battery services contract, a battery sale contract, a battery installation contract, a
battery dispatch contract, a market participation contract involving batteries, a shared revenue and cost avoidance contract, a capacity
contract, a tolling contract, demand response contract or similar agreement, a software contract pertaining to the dispatch or other
management of batteries, or any agreement similar to the foregoing.
“Energy Storage Assets” shall mean Energy Storage Systems, Host Customer Agreements and Projects and Equity Interests in
Excluded Energy Storage Subsidiaries.
“Energy Storage Systems” shall mean all parts of an energy storage system, including batteries, solar panels, inverters, wiring
and other electrical devices, conduit, housings, hardware, remote monitoring equipment, connectors, meters, disconnects and other
related devices, including associated balance of plant.
“Energy Storage Working Capital Facility” shall mean a credit facility providing working capital or warehouse financing for the
acquisition or development of Energy Storage Assets prior to the sale or contribution of such Energy Storage Assets into a Permitted
Securitization Facility.
“Environmental Attribute” shall mean an Energy Environmental Attribute or a Vehicle Environmental Attribute.
“Environmental Claims” shall mean any and all administrative, regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters,
directives, claims, liens, notices of noncompliance or violation, investigations and/or proceedings relating in any way to any noncompliance
with, or liability arising under, Environmental Law or to any permit issued, or any approval given, under any Environmental Law
(hereafter, “Claims”), including (a) any and all Claims by governmental or regulatory authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal,
response, remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any Environmental Law, and (b) any and all Claims by any third party seeking
damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief arising out of or relating to an alleged injury or
threat of injury to human health, safety or the environment due to the presence of Hazardous Materials.
38
“Environmental Law” shall mean any Federal, state, provincial, foreign or local statute, law (including principles of common
law), rule, regulation, ordinance, code, directive, judgment, order or agreement, now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended,
and any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, in each case having the force and effect of law and relating to the protection of
the environment, or of human health (as it relates to the exposure to environmental hazards) or to the presence, Release or threatened
Release, or the manufacture, use, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal or recycling of Hazardous Materials, or the arrangement for
any such activities.
“Environmental Liability” shall mean any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of
environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from
or based upon (a) any violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal
of any Hazardous Materials, (c) any exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous
Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or
imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.
“Equipment” shall mean any “equipment” as such term is defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect on the date
hereof in the State of New York owned by any U.S. Borrower, and in any event, shall include, but shall not be limited to, all machinery,
equipment, furnishings and fittings now or hereinafter owned by any U.S. Borrower and all additions, all accessions thereto, wherever
located, together with all attachments, components, parts, equipment and accessories installed thereon or affixed thereto.
“Equity Interests” of any Person shall mean any and all shares, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participation or other
equivalents of or interest in (however designated) equity of such Person, including any common stock, preferred stock, any limited or
general partnership interest and any limited liability company membership interest, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any
Permitted Convertible Notes or any SolarCity Convertible Notes.
“ERISA” shall mean the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and
the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. Section references to ERISA are to ERISA, as in effect at the date of this
Agreement and any subsequent provisions of ERISA, amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor.
“ERISA Affiliate” shall mean any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) or Person that for purposes of Section 302 of
ERISA or Section 412 of the Code would be deemed at any relevant time to be a single employer or otherwise aggregated with the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries under Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.
“ERISA Event” shall mean any one or more of the following:
(a) any Reportable Event;
(b) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan, if such termination would require material additional
contributions in order to be considered a standard termination within the meaning of Section 4041(b) of ERISA, the filing under
Section 4041(c) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan or the termination of any Plan under Section 4041(c) of
ERISA;
(c) institution of proceedings by the PBGC under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the
appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan;
39
(d) the failure to make a required contribution to any Plan that would result in the imposition of a lien or other
encumbrance or the provision of security under Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 or 4068 of ERISA, or the arising of such
a lien or encumbrance; the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of
ERISA, whether or not waived; or the filing of any request for or receipt of a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the
Code with respect to any Plan; or a determination that any Plan is considered an at-risk plan within the meaning of Section 430
of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA; the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any liability under
Section 436 of the Code, or a violation of Section 436 of the Code with respect to a Plan; or the failure to make any required
contribution to a Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Sections 431 or 432 of the Code;
(e) engaging in a non-exempt prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Section
406 of ERISA with respect to or relating to a Plan or assets of a Plan;
(f) the complete or partial withdrawal of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate from a
Multiemployer Plan, the insolvency under Title IV of ERISA of any Multiemployer Plan; or the receipt by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate, of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any of the Company, any of
its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, that a Multiemployer Plan is in endangered or critical status under Section
432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA; or
(g) the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate incurring any liability under Title IV of ERISA
with respect to any Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA).
“EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule” shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or
any successor person), as in effect from time to time.
“Euro Denominated Loans” shall mean each Loan denominated in Euros at the time of the incurrence thereof.
“EURO Screen Rate” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of “LIBO Rate”.
“Euros” and the designation “€” shall mean the currency introduced on January 1, 1999 at the start of the third stage of
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the European Union (expressed in euros).
“Event of Default” shall have the meaning provided in Section 11.
“Excess Availability” shall mean, as of any date of determination (but otherwise subject to Section 3.02(b)), the amount by
which (a) Availability at such time exceeds (b) the Aggregate Exposure at such time.
“Excluded Accounts” shall mean all Deposit Accounts, securities accounts and commodities accounts established (or otherwise
maintained) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than Core Deposit Accounts, DB Accounts and Controlled Securities Accounts.
“Excluded Charging Subsidiaries” shall mean those direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Company (a) in which the Company
owns, directly or indirectly, Equity Interests of less than fifty-one percent (51%), (b) that own, lease or finance (or own any Subsidiary that
is formed for such purpose) no assets
40
CONTENTS
1. Definitions and Interpretation 1
2. Covenant to Pay 8
3. Grant of Security 8
4. Fixed Security 9
5. Floating Charge 9
6. Grant of license 10
7. Conversion of Floating Charge 11
8. Excluded Assets 12
9. Liability of Chargors relating to Security Assets 13
10. Representations 13
11. Undertakings by the Chargors and Dealing with Security Assets 14
12. Power to Remedy 16
13. When Security becomes enforceable 16
14. Enforcement of Security 17
15. Receiver 18
16. Powers of Receiver 19
17. Application of Proceeds 21
18. Set-off 24
19. Delegation 24
20. Further Assurances 24
21. Power of Attorney 25
22. Currency Conversion 25
23. Continuing Security 25
24. Changes to the Parties 26
25. Indemnity 27
26. Miscellaneous 28
27. Calculations and Certificates 29
28. Partial Invalidity 29
29. Remedies and Waivers 29
30. Amendments 29
31. Counterparts 30
32. Release 30
33. Perpetuity Period 30
34. Governing Law 30
35. Jurisdiction 30
Schedule 1 Details of Security Assets 31
Schedule 2 Form of Notice to and Acknowledgement by Insurers 32
Schedule 3 Form of Notice and Acknowledgement of assignment 35
Schedule 4 Form of Notice to and Acknowledgement from Account Bank 38
Schedule 5 Form of Accession Deed 41
Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent due to insufficient funds of deposited checks and the standard fee of the Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent relating thereto, collateral examination fees and expenses required to be paid hereunder by the Borrowers,
reasonable fees and expenses of accountants and appraisers, reasonable fees and expenses of other consultants, experts or advisors
employed or retained by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, fees and taxes related to the filing of financing statements,
costs of preparing and recording any other Credit Documents, all expenses, costs and fees set forth in this Agreement and the other Credit
Documents, all other fees and expenses required to be paid pursuant to any other letter agreement and all fees and expenses incurred in
connection with releasing Collateral and the amendment or termination of any of the Credit Documents.
“Extended Final Maturity Date” shall mean, with respect to any Extended Loan or Extended Revolving Loan Commitment, the
agreed upon date occurring after the 2023 ExtendedInitial Maturity Date as specified in the applicable definitive documentation thereof.
“Extended Loan” shall mean each Revolving Loan and each Swingline Loan pursuant to an Extended Revolving Loan
Commitment.
“Extended Revolving Loan” shall mean each Revolving Loan pursuant to an Extended Revolving Loan Commitment.
“Extended Revolving Loan Commitment” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.19(c)(i).
“Extension” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.19(a).
“Extension Offer” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.19(a).
“Facing Fee” shall have the meaning provided in Section 4.01(c).
“Fair Market Value” shall mean, with respect to any asset (including any Equity Interests of any Person), (i) the price thereof to
the extent that the same is readily available on an active trading market or (ii) if such price is not so readily available, the price at which a
willing buyer, not an Affiliate of the seller, and a willing seller who does not have to sell, would agree to purchase and sell such asset, as
determined in good faith by the board of directors or other governing body or, pursuant to a specific delegation of authority by such board
of directors or governing body, a designated senior executive officer, of the Company or the Subsidiary of the Company selling such asset.
“FATCA” shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as enacted on the Effective Date (or any amended or successor
provision that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official
interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements
entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation or rules adopted
pursuant to such intergovernmental agreements.
“Federal Funds Rate” shall mean, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate equal for each day during such period to the
weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal Funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal
Funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day) by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations
for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal Funds brokers of recognized standing selected
by the Administrative Agent; provided that if
42
the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.
“Fees” shall mean all amounts payable pursuant to or referred to in Section 4.01.
“Final Maturity Date” shall mean (a) with respect to any Revolving Loan Commitments (other than the 2023 Extended Revolving
Loan Commitments and the Extended Revolving Loan Commitments) the Initial Maturity Date, (b) with respect to the 2023 Extended
Revolving Loan Commitments, the 2023 Extended Maturity Date and (c); provided that, with respect to any Extended Revolving Loan
Commitment, the Final Maturity Date with respect thereto instead shall be the Extended Final Maturity Date.
“FIRREA” shall mean the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, as amended.
“First Amendment” shall mean the First Amendment to Amended and Restated ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of the First
Amendment Effective Date, among the Company, Tesla B.V., Tesla UK, the lenders party thereto, the Collateral Agent and the
Administrative Agent.
“First Amendment Effective Date” shall mean NovDecember 323, 20152020.
“First Priority” shall mean, with respect to any Lien purported to be created on any Collateral pursuant to any Security
Document, that such Lien is prior in right to any other Lien thereon, other than (i) in respect of any Collateral (other than cash or Cash
Equivalents), any Permitted Liens (excluding Permitted Liens under Section 10.01(s)) applicable to such Collateral arising by operation of
law and which as a matter of law (and giving effect to any actions taken pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 10.01) have priority over
the respective Liens on such Collateral created pursuant to the relevant Security Document, (ii) any Lien on property that would otherwise
constitute Eligible Inventory but is subject to a lease that grants to the landlord thereunder a first priority perfected security interest in
such property, (iii) in respect of any Eligible Machinery and Equipment, Liens permitted by (x) Section 10.01(b)(i) so long as any such Lien
does not secure amounts overdue by more than 30 days and (y) Section 10.01(b)(ii) so long as adequate reserves in respect of GAAP have
been reserved in respect thereof and (iv) in respect of any Eligible Real Property, Liens permitted by Sections 10.01(a), (b)(i), (b)(ii) (so
long as adequate reserves in respect of GAAP have been reserved in respect thereof), (e), (h) and (k) (such Liens described in clauses (i),
(ii), and (iii) and (iv) above, “First Priority Priming Liens”).
“First Priority Priming Liens” shall have the meaning provided in the definition of First Priority.
“First Usage Date” shall mean the first date on which the Aggregate Exposure is greater than zero.
“Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” shall mean, for any period, the ratio of (a)(i) Consolidated EBITDA for such period minus (ii) the
aggregate amount of all Unfinanced Capital Expenditures made by the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries during such period
minus (iii) the aggregate amount of all cash payments made by the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in respect of income taxes
or income tax liabilities (net of cash income tax refunds) during such period minus (iv) the aggregate amount of all cash Dividends paid by
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any Person other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as permitted under Section 10.03
for such period to (b) Fixed Charges for such period.
43
“Fixed Charges” shall mean, for any period, the sum of (a) any amortization or other scheduled or mandatory principal
payments made during such period on all Indebtedness of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for such period (including the
principal component of all obligations in respect of all Capitalized Lease Obligations, but excluding (xw) the payment or Net Share
Settlement of any Permitted Convertible Notes or any SolarCity Convertible Notes at their respective final maturity date or upon
conversion thereof and, (yx) customary mandatory repayments associated with customary excess cash flow provisions and with asset sales,
casualty and condemnation events, the incurrence of Indebtedness for borrowed money and the issuance of Equity Interests (but only to
the extent made with the net cash proceeds from such asset sales, casualty and condemnation events, incurrences of Indebtedness and
issuance of Equity Interests) and (y) payments in connection with the refinancing of Indebtedness) (for the avoidance of doubt, this clause
(a) shall not apply to payments made under any working capital facility), plus (b) Consolidated Interest Expense of the Company and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries for such period payable in cash, plus (c) the Net RVG Repurchase Amount for such period.
“Flood Insurance Laws” shall mean, collectively, (i) National Flood Insurance Reform Act of 1994 (which comprehensively
revised the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 and the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973) as now or hereafter in effect or any
successor statute thereto, (ii) the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2004 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto and
(iii) the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 as now or hereafter in effect or any successor statute thereto.
“Foreign Currency” shall mean any currency other than U.S. Dollars which is (a) readily available and freely transferable and
convertible into U.S. Dollars and (b) available in the London interbank deposit market.
“Foreign Currency Denominated Loans” shall mean each Loan denominated in an Acceptable Foreign Currency at the time of
the incurrence thereof.
“Foreign Lender” shall mean any Lender that is not a U.S. Person.
“Foreign Pension Plan” shall mean any plan, fund (including any superannuation fund) or other similar program established or
maintained outside the United States by the Company or any one or more of its Subsidiaries primarily for the benefit of employees of the
Company or such Subsidiaries residing outside the United States, which plan, fund or other similar program provides, or results in,
retirement income, a deferral of income in contemplation of retirement or payments to be made upon termination of employment, and
which plan is not subject to ERISA or the Code.
“Foreign Subsidiary” of any Person shall mean any Subsidiary of such Person that is not a Domestic Subsidiary of such Person.
“Foreign Taxes” shall mean any tax imposed by EC Directive 2006/112/EC on the Common System of value added tax, and any
national legislation implementing that directive (including the United Kingdom’s Value Added Tax Act 1994), together with any legislation
supplemental thereto, and any other tax of a similar nature and all penalties, costs and interest related thereto (including any Canadian
harmonized sales tax, goods and service tax or any other sales tax imposed by Canada or any province or territory thereof).
“Fremont Factory” shall mean the Company’s factory located at 45500 Fremont Blvd., Fremont, California and ancillary
supporting locations located in the United States and designated by the Company as a “Fremont ancillary location” in writing to the
Administrative Agent.
44
“Fremont Real Property” shall mean the real property owned by the Company located at 45500 Fremont Boulevard, Fremont,
California, and any other Real Property ancillary or related to the foregoing and owned by the Company or any Credit Party in Fremont,
California.
“GAAP” shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time; provided that
determinations in accordance with GAAP for purposes of Section 10 and the calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and the Total
Leverage Ratio, in each case including defined terms as used therein, are subject to Section 13.0713.08(a).
“Governmental Authority” shall mean the government of the United States, the Netherlands, Belgium, the United Kingdom, any
other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state, provincial or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory
body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions
of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).
“Guarantor” shall mean and include each U.S. Guarantor and, each Dutch Guarantor and each UK Guarantor.
“Guaranty” shall mean the U.S. Guaranty and, the Dutch Guaranty and the UK Guaranty.
“Hazardous Materials” shall mean any chemicals, materials, wastes, pollutants, contaminants, or substances in any form that is
prohibited, limited or regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law by virtue of their toxic or otherwise deleterious characteristics,
including any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive materials, asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, urea
formaldehyde foam insulation, dielectric fluid containing levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, and radon gas.
“Host Customer Agreements” shall mean the Energy Storage Agreements and Customer Lease Agreements.
“Immaterial Subsidiary” shall mean, as of any date of determination, any Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Company
or, any Wholly-Owned Dutch Subsidiary of Tesla B.V. (in eitheror any Wholly Owned UK Subsidiary of Tesla UK (in each case, other than a
Borrower) (x) that has not guaranteed any other Indebtedness of any Borrower other than a guarantee by any Subsidiary that was created
to satisfy state dealer requirements, (y) whose consolidated total assets (as set forth in the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the
Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and computed in accordance with GAAP,
but excluding intercompany assets), do not constitute more than 5.0% of the Consolidated Total Assets and (z) whose consolidated total
revenues (as set forth in the most recent income statement of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to the Lenders
pursuant to this Agreement and computed in accordance with GAAP) do not constitute more than 5.0% of the consolidated total revenues
of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (as set forth in the most recent income statement of the Company and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries delivered to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement and computed in accordance with GAAP).
“Impacted Lender” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.10(ef).
“Impacted UK Lender” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.10(g).
“Incremental Commitment” shall mean, for any Lender, any Revolving Loan Commitment provided by such Lender after the
Effective Date in an Incremental Commitment Agreement delivered
45
pursuant to Section 2.14; it being understood, however, that on each date upon which an Incremental Commitment of any Lender becomes
effective, such Incremental Commitment of such Lender shall be added to (and thereafter become a part of) the Revolving Loan
Commitment of such Lender for all purposes of this Agreement as contemplated by Section 2.14.
“Incremental Commitment Agreement” shall mean each Incremental Commitment Agreement in substantially the form of
Exhibit F (appropriately completed, and with such modifications as may be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) executed
and delivered in accordance with Section 2.14.
“Incremental Commitment Date” shall mean each date upon which an Incremental Commitment under an Incremental
Commitment Agreement becomes effective as provided in Section 2.14(b).
“Incremental Commitment Requirements” shall mean, with respect to any provision of an Incremental Commitment on a given
Incremental Commitment Date, the satisfaction of each of the following conditions on the Incremental Commitment Date of the respective
Incremental Commitment Agreement: (i) no Default or Event of Default exists or would exist after giving effect thereto; (ii) all of the
representations and warranties contained in the Credit Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects at such time (unless
stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all
material respects as of such earlier date) (it being understood that any representation or warranty that is qualified as to “materiality”,
“Material Adverse Effect” or any similar language shall be true and correct in all respects as of such date); (iii) the delivery by the
Company to the Administrative Agent of an acknowledgment, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent
and executed by each Credit Party, acknowledging that such Incremental Commitment and all Revolving Loans subsequently incurred, and
Letters of Credit issued, as applicable, pursuant to such Incremental Commitment shall constitute Obligations and Guaranteed Obligations
(as defined under each Guaranty) under the Credit Documents and secured on a pari passu basis with the applicable Obligations under the
Security Documents; (iv) the delivery by each Credit Party to the Administrative Agent of such other officers’ certificates, board of director
(or equivalent governing body) resolutions, evidence of good standing (to the extent available under applicable law) and opinions of
counsel (which shall be substantially similar to such opinions of counsel delivered on the Effective Date) as the Administrative Agent shall
reasonably request; (v) the Company shall have delivered a certificate executed by an Authorized Officer of the Company, certifying to
such officer’s knowledge, compliance with the requirements of preceding clauses (i) and (ii); and (vi) the completion by each Credit Party
of (x) such other conditions precedent that may be included in the respective Increased Commitment Agreement and (y) such other actions
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with such Incremental Commitment in order to create, continue or
maintain the security interest of the Collateral Agent in the Collateral and the perfection thereof (including any amendments to the
Security Documents and such other documents and assurances reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be delivered in
connection therewith).
“Incremental Lender” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.14(b).
“Incremental Security Documents” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.14(b).
“Indebtedness” shall mean, as to any Person, without duplication, (i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (ii)
for the deferred purchase price of property or services, (iii) obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures and similar instruments,
(iv) the maximum amount available to be drawn or paid under all letters of credit, bankers’ acceptances and bank guarantees issued for
the account of such Person and all unpaid drawings and unreimbursed payments in respect of such letters of credit, bankers’ acceptances
and bank guarantees, (v) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person and
46
purchase money indebtedness, (vi) all Contingent Obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness set forth in another clause of this
definition, (vii) obligations arising in connection with any Permitted Securitization Facility to the extent reflected as liabilities on the
balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP and (viii) all obligations of the kind referred to in another clause of this
definition secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by any Lien
on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or
become liable for the payment of such obligation. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity
(including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is directly liable therefor pursuant to
applicable law, contract or organizational documents as a result of such Person’s ownership interest in or other relationship with such
entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Indebtedness shall not include (i) trade payables (so long as they are not more than 180 days past due), accrued expenses and deferred tax
and other credits incurred by any Person in accordance with customary practices and in the ordinary course of business of such Person,
(ii) any earn-out obligations until such obligation is past due, (iii) obligations incurred among the Credit Parties and their respective
Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business for the purchase of goods and services or, (iv) third party obligations included in the
Company’s financial statements as a result of variable interest entity accounting and (v) payments for property or services in the ordinary
course of business that are payable over a period not to exceed one year and at 0% interest. For purposes solely of (x) Sections 10.04 and
11.04, all obligations under any Interest Rate Protection Agreement or any Other Hedging Agreement (and with the amount of any such
obligations to be equal at any time to the termination value of such agreement or arrangement giving rise to such obligations that would
be payable by such Person at such time) shall be deemed to be Indebtedness and (y) Section 11.04, Qualified Preferred Stock that contains
restrictive or financial covenants shall be deemed to be Indebtedness.
“Indemnified Person” shall have the meaning provided in Section 13.01(c).
“Indemnified Taxes” shall have the meaning provided in Section 5.04(a).
“Individual Exposure” of any Lender shall mean, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving
Loans made by such Lender and then outstanding (for this purpose, using the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of amounts denominated in Euros or
any Acceptable Foreign Currency), (b) such Lender’s RL Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans then
outstanding, (c) such Lender’s RL Percentage of the aggregate amount of all Letter of Credit Outstandings (for this purpose, using the
U.S. Dollar Equivalent of amounts denominated in Euros or any Acceptable Foreign Currency) at such time and (d) such Lender’s RL
Percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Agent Advances then outstanding.
“Initial Maturity Date” shall mean June 10July 1, 20202023.
“Initial Revolving Loan Commitments” shall mean Revolving Loan Commitments that mature on the Initial Maturity Date.
“Insolvency Proceeding” shall mean any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of the
Bankruptcy Code or under any state or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency law, assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal
moratoria, compositions, extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other similar relief,
including any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any Dutch Insolvency Law or UK Insolvency Law.
47
“Insolvency Regulation” shall have the meaning provided in Section 8.01.
“Intercompany Debt” shall mean any Indebtedness, whether now existing or hereafter incurred, owed by the Company or any
Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company.
“Intercompany Loans” shall mean any intercompany loans and advances between or among the Company and its Subsidiaries.
“Intercreditor Agreement” shall mean an intercreditor agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent, among the Collateral Agent, the U.S. Credit Parties, the Dutch Credit Parties (if applicable), the UK Credit Parties
(if applicable) and each collateral agent or trustee for the holders of any Permitted Additional Secured Indebtedness, as amended,
modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.
“Interest Determination Date” shall mean, with respect to any LIBOR Loan, the second Business Day prior to the
commencement of any Interest Period relating to such LIBOR Loan.
“Interest Period” shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.09.
“Interest Rate Protection Agreement” shall mean any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest collar
agreement, interest rate hedging agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement.
“Inventory” shall mean “inventory” as such term is defined in Article 9 of the UCC.
“Inventory Reserves” shall mean the Physical Inventory Adjustment Reserve and the Locations Reserve.
“Investment” shall mean, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any of the following: lending money or credit
or making advances to any other Person, or purchasing or acquiring any stock, obligations or securities of, or any other Equity Interest in,
or making any capital contribution to, any other Person, or purchasing or owning a futures contract or otherwise becoming liable for the
purchase or sale of currency or other commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract, or holding any cash or Cash
Equivalents.
“Investment Grade Rating” shall mean a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody’s and BBB- (or the
equivalent) by S&P (or the equivalent investment grade rating by any other securities rating organization nationally recognized in the
United States).
“ISDA Definitions” shall mean the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate
derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto.
“Issuer Option” shall mean (a) any Note Hedge Option and (b) any Upper Strike Option.
“Issuing Lender” shall mean each of (i) DBNY (except as otherwise provided in Section 12.09), (ii) Morgan Stanley Senior
Funding Inc., (iii) Bank of America, N.A., (iv) Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, (v) Citibank, N.A., (vi) Barclays Bank PLC and (vii)
any other Lender reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Company which agrees to issue Letters of Credit hereunder;
provided
48
